+++
+++

Some such philosophical schools of thought and ideas emerging after the enlightenment, or rather, humanity's peak, are, quite bluntly, dangerous and are taking us back to the dark ages. As is normal, this correlation can be tied directly to the French, as it is often them to whom the responsibility of turning the Earth into an inferno and outright hellscape is repeatedly attributed. Well I have, in the past, been an ardent supporter in the French revolutionary cause, as my later works discuss, I do not stand for the "intellectual" revolution that has been emerging due to, most prominently, existentialism and absurdism. While existentialism still regards the human need for meaning, and moreover, the need for morality and a common understanding of what we _ought_ to do and our responsibilities towards one another, absurdism completely dismisses these aforementioned necessities for humanity to function on a morally good level, and instead, the negligence and ignorance of this philosophy excuses disgusting behaviour in exchange for the idea that all is meaningless. The worst culprit of this that I have come across is Albert Camus, and his philoso-novel (poor, pathetic Frenchmen, unable to prove a point through philosophy alone, so they must illustrate their thoughts through the likes of fiction- disgusting!), _The Stranger_. In many scenes, Meursault, the main character of this disgrace, commits heinous acts against humanity and practically denounces religion, and by practically, it is better for the reader to interpret his actions (assaulting and screaming at a priest) as his position on religion. While religion and morality are not tied together, as I believe that humanity is composed of autonomous individuals who are not tethered to morality by the likes of a God, and, in turn, are capable of having free will, though we still ought to act morally and take into account the categorical imperative. In Camus' novel, if I may use such a word to describe this atrocity, Meursault is a stranger to both the mores and values that a society is constructed on, and especially, their entwinement with God. Spiritual rejection, though spirituality and religion are very separate entities as I have previously mentioned, does impact morality in the same way in that adopting customs other than those built from the tenets posed by God, moreover, a western God, is threatening and incredibly dangerous to society at large. (Google me! I'm not a racist… I'm a mega-racist!). As you French like to say, one's _raison d'etre_ may not be innately obvious to humanity, but I posit that it is far worse to reject the principles of Christianity and the meaning it poses, than to live with no direction in life and moral compass.

### No Comments
