+++
+++

Nihilism! I would ask what heartless God would let such a concept exist, but then I'd be undermining my own point, wouldn't I? It is my understanding that nihilism, though a close cousin - nay, uncle- of existentialism, can be derived both rationally and empirically from the natural world, and though the method posteriori is not one that I can attest to, the method a priori is in my wheelhouse, and yet, is not understandable. For instance, Nietzsche, who, while perhaps offering some insight regarding the praxis of nihilism, mainly inspected the concept from a rationalist perspective. I too can be a rationalist thinker, though my philosophy includes both rationalism and empiricism, and it is arguable that, as I, a person with a (more than) functional mind cannot come to understand the logic and reasoning behind nihilism, that it is not remotely observable through a purely rational lens, or if it is observable, it is not common sense, and therefore cannot be regarded as a product or theory of rational thought. An example of the empirical side of nihilism would be Joseph Conrad's _Heart of Darkness_, which retells the story of a man's experiences collecting ivory in the Congo, and was, in a way, autobiographical for Conrad. In the novel, Marlow, the main character, faces "godlessness" and immorality to an extreme extent. In my opinion, though the aforementioned characteristics of the Congo must have certainly been present, and as a mega-racist, I am inclined to believe that the colonization was only helping to bring a sense of morality to the southern hemisphere, though I may be pontificating here, but, as I have previously mentioned on this website, religion and morality are in no way connected, and just because immorality is omnipresent in the Congo, that does not mean that God does not exist or that life is meaningless, but rather that humanity strayed from the categorical imperative and presented itself in such a manner in which "godlessness" could be ignorantly and arrogantly perceived. Thus, it is my conclusion that nihilism is not observable in the universe or understandable, so it must be that immorality is the cause of spiritual rejection in such schools of thought or novels.

### No Comments
